{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 New Quarter (3) ~~\
\
02/16/2017\
\
	I\'92ve forgot my journal for a long time. XD We had already received our raspberry pi3 and start working on the Pygame again. (snake game)\
\
02/20/2017\
\
	With snake game mostly finished, we start on a new program (traffic light). It will switch the images after it counts down a certain amount of time. (red \'97> green \'97> yellow \'97> and back to red)\
\
02/22/2017\
\
	We are working on State Machine now, which focusing on characters\'92 movements~ Today\'92s assignment is \'93double jump\'94, which give our character a second jump above the ground level.\
\
02/27/2017\
\
	PD day~ Have been working on programs (Pygame) for three days :P Just got my Camera and map setting done with movable player after I asked Dr.Pinzon some questions. (still need to deal with moving map and walking characters) \
\
03/01/2017\
\
	We were given an assignment of making bobbles in random size, speed, and directions in this short period. Even though its sounds easy comparing to the other projects we have done, I have a hard time written this program into classes\'85.maybe I will still have to clarify some of the misunderstands of classes.\
\
03/02/2017\
\
	\'97 Encapsulate: It is one of the method of hiding data or information, which used to hide the values or states of a structured data object inside a class. EX: Dictionary[\'91one\'92] = 1\
	\'97 De-encapsulate (or decapsulate): Its basically doing the opposite works of encapsulation, which is taking out the data or information that were previously stored in packets. EX: Variable = Dictionary[\'91one\'92]\
\
	We had finalize the physical motions of bobbles\'92 program and starting to apply those methods to our walking machines. Thus, our walking machine can sense the mouse input and move the characters on the map. (Currently thinking how to program the character to automatically pass through those obstacles on the map)\
\
\
}